Add 1.1 changelog (#777)
kadena-io/chainweb-node: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1 (2019-12-02)

This is a major release that turns on coin transfers. All node operators should
upgrade ASAP. If you do not upgrade, your node will stop working on December 5,
2019.

* Improve logging for orphan blocks.
  [#752](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/752)

* Finalize gas model.
  [#744](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/744)

* Updates to staged transaction rollout behavior.
  [#743](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/743)
  [#755](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/755)
  [#759](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/759)
  [#766](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/766)
  [#768](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/768)
  [#769](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/769)
  [#771](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/771)

* Improve cut DB membership queries.
  [#756](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/756)

* Better error handling for /mining/solved endpoint.
  [#762](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/762)

* Increase mempool session timeout.
  [#761](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/761)

> * Mempool performance improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mempool performance improvements.
```

  [#732](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/732)
  [#742](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/742)

* Upgrade the testnet version from `testnet03` to `testnet04`.
  [#765](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/765)

* Better error message when gas limit exceeded.
  [#748](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/748)

* Refactor Pact service state handling and chain data.
  [#767](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/767)

* Fix bug in miner redeem on failed payloads.
  [#773](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/773)

* Set default block gas limit of 6000.
  [#776](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/pull/776)

> 

Reviewer 2: * Tx compilation failure messages from mempool: 

face77b7cf9447e063413333e4ed691993c58414

* Performance improvements to tx execution by precompiling gas buy/redeem/coinbase phases

92712380365ce41e653b8a83f9e5b47ce84e5026

* Module/Interface install has been disabled

555496f1b104b4ebf7396354d62d922ec9d48944

Author: I lumped 766, 768, and 771 all under the "staged transaction rollout" bullet.

Reviewer 3: Added some dedicated ones back

# `chainweb-node` Changelog

## 1.1 (2019-12-02)

> This is a major release that turns on coin transfers. All node operators should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a major release that activates coin transfers. All node operators should
```
